Cc pwr thres v2 (#338)
ASFHyP3/hyp3-gamma: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [PEP 440](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0440/)
and uses [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## 5.1.4

> ### Changed
> * Apply water mask to coherence coefficient first. 
>   then produce the validity mask with the masked coherence coefficient only.
>   do not use pwr when creating the validity mask. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Changed
* When applying the water mask, it is now applied to the coherence coefficient first, which is then used to produce the validity mask. Power is no longer used when creating the validity mask.
```

> ## 5.1.4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [5.1.4]
```

We found out last time we released, that we need the square brackets here, even if it's no longer a link. (may as well change the one below as well)
